[tooling] Add clean-locally (#1518)
interuss/monitoring: build/dev/README.md

```
Note that to ensure a proper cleanup, the same environment variables used for the `up` should be used for the `down`.

> You can use `make cleanup-locally` to remove all containers. Notice this will perform a very large clean, using network to remove containers, external containers (e.g. locust test runner) will be removed as well: proceed with caution.

Reviewer: I think we can be more clear about what "very large clean" means in a way that is more actionable for users.  With that clarity, I don't think we need a warning for caution.

```suggestion
You can use `make cleanup-locally` to remove all containers connected to the `dss_internal_network` and/or `interop_ecosystem_network`.  This can include DSS instances, dummy auth server, mock USS instances, locust load test, etc.
```
